<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="yes" ?>
<rss version="2.0" xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <channel>
    <title>Status on My New Hugo Site</title>
    <link>http://haruute0.github.io/categories/status/</link>
    <description>Recent content in Status on My New Hugo Site</description>
    <generator>Hugo -- gohugo.io</generator>
    <language>en-us</language>
    <lastBuildDate>Wed, 07 Apr 2010 14:24:52 +0000</lastBuildDate>
    <atom:link href="http://haruute0.github.io/categories/status/index.xml" rel="self" type="application/rss+xml" />
    
    <item>
      <title>pony-build Updates</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/status/2010/04/pony-build-updates/</link>
      <pubDate>Wed, 07 Apr 2010 14:24:52 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/status/2010/04/pony-build-updates/</guid>
      <description>&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Khushboo:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Khushboo has been wrestling with git and getting her branch(s) to push properly.Â  Some very informative posts can be found on her &lt;a href=&#34;http://kshakyaz.wordpress.com/&#34;&gt;blog&lt;/a&gt;. She also continues creating build scripts for other python packages.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Fatima:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Fatima has been working on getting branch support in for Mecurial checkouts in pony-build, to go along with the new changes, she has also been working on tests. You can read up on all her research into the subject as well as her progress over at her &lt;a href=&#34;http://cherkf.wordpress.com/&#34;&gt;blog&lt;/a&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Jack:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Jack has been continuing his work on his pony-client &lt;a href=&#34;http://github.com/JackCarlson/pony-build/commits/pony-client_rework&#34;&gt;changes&lt;/a&gt;. During his work on this he stumbled onto another bug with forcing builds that he is looking in to also.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Max:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Max has implemented a fix for defaulting to an in-memory db for the server. He has also been working on some failure conditions within build steps under a certain context. He,however, has taken a break from the perils of subprocess timeouts until he can secure a windows machine for proper testing. You can mozy on over to his &lt;a href=&#34;http://mlaite.blogspot.com/&#34;&gt;blog&lt;/a&gt; for more info.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;_&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;_&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;em&gt;Edit: When is pony-build going to get some love and have our own Category?&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Mercurial: the end of the beginning</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/mercurial/2010/04/mercurial-the-end-of-the-beginning/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 05 Apr 2010 15:33:36 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/mercurial/2010/04/mercurial-the-end-of-the-beginning/</guid>
      <description>&lt;p&gt;Today marks the last day of classes at the University of Waterloo, and so ends the official portion of the UCOSP project for Tessa, Wendy, and myself. During our last meeting on April 1st, we tied some loose ends on our patches and discussed our experiences in the project. I will save the details for the final reports, but we all agreed that we&amp;#8217;d like to continue contributing to Mercurial as time permits.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Paul and Alex have a little more time before official end of classes at UBC, and we&amp;#8217;ll probably be hearing from them after the meeting this week.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Status updates:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Bfiles auto-* integration

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;auto-status and auto-update have been accepted into bfiles&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;auto-put and auto-refresh are almost there&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Wendy and Tessa continued to improve on their warm-up projects:&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Paul has a working version of bfilesify which converts existing mercurial repositories to use bfiles. We are playing around with it to provide feedback.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Alex has been working on his ever-popular case guard extension.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;I have started work on implementing my extended status proposal which aims to create closer integration between bfiles, subrepos, and core Mercurial code.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;As always, you can find detailed status reports on our Wiki at &lt;a href=&#34;https://ucosp.fogbugz.com/default.asp?W44&#34;&gt;https://ucosp.fogbugz.com/default.asp?W44&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Status Reports: Mar 29, 2010</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/eclipse4edu/2010/03/status-reports-mar-29-2010/</link>
      <pubDate>Wed, 31 Mar 2010 15:04:52 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/eclipse4edu/2010/03/status-reports-mar-29-2010/</guid>
      <description>

&lt;p&gt;Brenda&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;status:eededad2336aea95116e91a227689a77&#34;&gt;Status&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Looked further into Bug 303420: Simplify the user experience when renaming a type from the pop-up menu. This may not actually be a task I can accomplish before the code freeze, taking into account the other things I had also intended to finish before then.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;final-steps:eededad2336aea95116e91a227689a77&#34;&gt;Final Steps&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Look into Bug 303420: Simplify the user experience when renaming a type from the pop-up menu.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Go back to Bug 299342: &amp;ldquo;New Java Package&amp;rdquo; option should automatically create a Java Project, to use the NewJavaProjectConstructor to create the default project.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Address Bug 303427: Can&amp;#8217;t specify a source folder in the Package Wizard.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Complete final report.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;roadblocks:eededad2336aea95116e91a227689a77&#34;&gt;Roadblocks&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul type=&#34;disc&#34;&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;
    Last week involved several major deadlines for other courses, but I can now focus this week on finishing up my ongoing goals for Eclipse..
  &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2 id=&#34;cory:eededad2336aea95116e91a227689a77&#34;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Cory&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;status-1:eededad2336aea95116e91a227689a77&#34;&gt;Status&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Added some additional comments to Bug 301327 (Creating a src folder when creating new Java project &amp;#8211; This bug may not be applicable anymore) and to Bug 302362 (Support for java applets &amp;#8211; This bug may also be obsolete now).&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Overall, I did not have a productive week with regards to IDE4EDU. Still waiting on feedback from Wayne, and at least 50%+ of our bugs require some form of feedback, committing, closing, or additional information. So, I took this opportunity to work on my many other projects and their fast approaching deadlines, with the hope that when Wayne gets back I will be able to dedicate more time towards IDE4EDU.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;final-steps-1:eededad2336aea95116e91a227689a77&#34;&gt;Final Steps&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Of the bugs left that aren&amp;#8217;t in 1 of the categories above, I think I might take stab at Bug 302360 (importing projects into javalite) or Bug 303584 (Linking javalite explorer with editor). In both cases, there is existing JDT functionality that we want to emulate, so they sound feasible given our remaining week before the code freeze.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Unless of course we get feedback from Wayne, in which case I will attempt to address those potential issues, etc.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;roadblocks-1:eededad2336aea95116e91a227689a77&#34;&gt;Roadblocks&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul type=&#34;disc&#34;&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;
    (I know its a broken record&amp;#8230; but) Other classes.
  &lt;/li&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;
    Feedback would be appreciated on pending patches. (We are here to help! Let us help!)
  &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2 id=&#34;miles:eededad2336aea95116e91a227689a77&#34;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Miles&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;status-2:eededad2336aea95116e91a227689a77&#34;&gt;Status&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Worked on simplifying the menus using the activities extension.&lt;/li&gt;

&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Managed to hide all but 2 or 3 things that I wanted hidden.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211; Simplified the toolbar significantly.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211; Really happy with how this turned out. Makes Eclipse much less intimidating.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;final-steps-2:eededad2336aea95116e91a227689a77&#34;&gt;Final Steps&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Simplify the menus and toolbar to the list of items I suggested in bug 299848.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;roadblocks-2:eededad2336aea95116e91a227689a77&#34;&gt;Roadblocks&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul type=&#34;disc&#34;&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;
    Nothing major. Everything is working out pretty well on this bug. I&amp;#8217;d like to control the order of the toolbar buttons but I can&amp;#8217;t figure out&lt;br /&gt; how to do that yet. Also, I&amp;#8217;d like a couple of the menus to go away when they don&amp;#8217;t have any items in them like the Run menu.
  &lt;/li&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;
    I&amp;#8217;d love to hide the Navigation menu but it seems to be hardwired to the Workbench or something. I think we&amp;#8217;d need to create an RCP app to&lt;br /&gt; completely get rid of it.
  &lt;/li&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;
    We need to create a better Run and Debug button but that is too big a job for the time we have left on this project. I&amp;#8217;ll add another bug for this.
  &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Basie Status Update (March 30, 2010)</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/basie/2010/03/basie-status-update-march-30-2010-2/</link>
      <pubDate>Tue, 30 Mar 2010 17:50:43 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/basie/2010/03/basie-status-update-march-30-2010-2/</guid>
      <description>&lt;div&gt;
  &lt;p&gt;
    Status:
  &lt;/p&gt;
  
  &lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;
      FranÃ§ois Fournier : Selenium tests for Mail application (reviewed by AlexLe). Selenium tests for Dashboard application (reviewed by ChrisV). Selenium tests for Admin Manage page. Next step is to continue working on Admin Database.
    &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;
      Guillaume Simard : Selenium tests for About application (Reviewed by Nikita). Reviewed AlexLe tests for Timezones. Started tests for tickets application. Next step will be to start documentation on &amp;#8220;How to do Selenium Tests&amp;#8221; and work on review to commit Selenium tests on reviewBoard.
    &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;
      Veronica Wong: Â Reviewed documentation questionnaire. Worked on many aspects of the mockup. Continue her work with the mockup. Start reviewing Selenium Tests.
    &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;
      Chris Van : Worked on Trac2Basie tool to take in consideration Nikita comments. Review a lot of code (Selenium Dashboard tests, Selenium About page, Radom-Data tool&amp;#8230;). Next step is to complete Trac2Basie tool.
    &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;
      AlexLe : Finished working on Timezones (developpement and tests). Reviewed Selenium mail tests. Next step is to commit timezone.
    &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;
      Nikita Pchelin: Reviewed Trac2Basie tool, developped ticket tagging. Try to figure out what is the problem on 2 functions on Selenium Dashboard tests. Commited random data tool. Next step is to start this ticket: multiple AJAX requests in milestones.
    &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;
      Chad Cogar: Worked on attachments. Now associables with tickets and wikipages. Next step is to complete attachments and start working on support for mails.
    &lt;/li&gt;
  &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>mercurial # the end if nigh</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/mercurial/2010/03/mercurial-the-end-if-nigh/</link>
      <pubDate>Fri, 26 Mar 2010 20:41:36 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/mercurial/2010/03/mercurial-the-end-if-nigh/</guid>
      <description>&lt;p&gt;For some of us on the Mercurial crew next week is the closing chapter of the UCOSP adventure. Tessa, Wendy and Anton from Waterloo will be finishing their term, and with that their contributions to Mercurial as part of the program. That&amp;#8217;s not to say they&amp;#8217;ll be done with Mercurial for goodâthe general consensus is that we all had a great time. Paul and myself still have until mid-April to get the remainder of our work submitted.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;For the last couple of weeks we&amp;#8217;ve all been focusing on bfiles, the big/binary file extension for Mercurial. For the most part, the functionality that&amp;#8217;s been added is to automate certain functions so that the user doesn&amp;#8217;t have to remember to do so:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Tessa&lt;/strong&gt; finished up autoput, including tests for the feature. She&amp;#8217;s also submitted a few more changes for her globexclude patch.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Wendy&lt;/strong&gt; worked on autorefresh and autoupdate for bfiles, as well as some final tweaks for her tagmerge extension.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Anton&lt;/strong&gt; polished up autostatus for bfiles and began work on extended status support.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Paul&lt;/strong&gt; has been working on bfilesify, an extension to convert a regular Mercurial repository to a bfiles one. This means all large binary files get detected and plugged into bfiles, with the history accurately maintained.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Alexandru&lt;/strong&gt; worked on supporting HTTP PUT for bfiles, so that users can push their large files to remote repositories via HTTP (currently, only SSH is supported). Additional work went into caseguard to provide a feature that allows users to check an existing repository for filename issues. Alexandru also apologizes for talking in the 3rd person for this section, it was done in the interest of post formatting.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;More information available from our weekly &lt;a href=&#34;https://ucosp.fogbugz.com/default.asp?W41&#34;&gt;Wiki status page&lt;/a&gt; and the &lt;a href=&#34;https://ucosp.fogbugz.com/default.asp?W43&#34;&gt;IRC log&lt;/a&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Status Reports: Mar 22, 2010</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/eclipse4edu/2010/03/status-reports-mar-22-2010/</link>
      <pubDate>Wed, 24 Mar 2010 13:28:58 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/eclipse4edu/2010/03/status-reports-mar-22-2010/</guid>
      <description>

&lt;h2 id=&#34;brenda:06e7e661e4ce4145d9cd73f8ea470994&#34;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Brenda&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;status:06e7e661e4ce4145d9cd73f8ea470994&#34;&gt;Status&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Submitted a patch to Bug 301326 to handle the possibility of multiple source folders when creating a new class using the constructor.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Reported Bug 306651 and submitted a patch for it that creates a package constructor like those for projects and classes, including tests. It also includes a rework of the Package Creation Wizard to use the constructor, along the lines of the project and class wizards.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;final-steps:06e7e661e4ce4145d9cd73f8ea470994&#34;&gt;Final Steps&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Look into Bug 303420: Simplify the user experience when renaming a type from the pop-up menu.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Go back to Bug 299342: &amp;ldquo;New Java Package&amp;rdquo; option should automatically create a Java Project, to use the NewJavaProjectConstructor to create the default project.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Address Bug 303427: Can&amp;#8217;t specify a source folder in the Package Wizard.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Complete final report.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;roadblocks:06e7e661e4ce4145d9cd73f8ea470994&#34;&gt;Roadblocks&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul type=&#34;disc&#34;&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;
    None.
  &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2 id=&#34;cory:06e7e661e4ce4145d9cd73f8ea470994&#34;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Cory&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;status-1:06e7e661e4ce4145d9cd73f8ea470994&#34;&gt;Status&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;I continued development on the DND implementation as mentioned last week.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;I completed some more refactoring and added in some rough name conflict / resolution code. There are still bugs to work out unfortunately.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;I also investigated into just using existing JDT internal DND implementations, and posted my comments towards that on the current DND bug as well.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;next-steps:06e7e661e4ce4145d9cd73f8ea470994&#34;&gt;Next Steps&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Possibly more work on DND pending feedback on my latest comments towards the DND bug.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Otherwise, I will try and find something thats doable within the next week or so, and work on that instead.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Complete final report.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;roadblocks-1:06e7e661e4ce4145d9cd73f8ea470994&#34;&gt;Roadblocks&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul type=&#34;disc&#34;&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;
    Other courses.
  &lt;/li&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;
    Waiting on input from Wayne on pending drag and drop changes.
  &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2 id=&#34;miles:06e7e661e4ce4145d9cd73f8ea470994&#34;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Miles&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;status-2:06e7e661e4ce4145d9cd73f8ea470994&#34;&gt;Status&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Worked on simplifying the menus using the activities extension.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Made a couple of breakthroughs on how to figure out what id to use to hide items.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;final-steps-1:06e7e661e4ce4145d9cd73f8ea470994&#34;&gt;Final Steps&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Simplify the menus to the list of items I suggested in bug 299848.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;If this goes smoothly I will try to apply the lessons learned to simplifying the tool bars.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Complete final report.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;roadblocks-2:06e7e661e4ce4145d9cd73f8ea470994&#34;&gt;Roadblocks&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul type=&#34;disc&#34;&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;
    There are still a few items that won&amp;#8217;t go away as they seem to be &amp;#8216;special&amp;#8217; to the workbench or something. For example &amp;#8216;File/Revert&amp;#8217; and&lt;br /&gt; &amp;#8216;Edit/Delete&amp;#8217; are 2 of them. But there aren&amp;#8217;t that many of them and they aren&amp;#8217;t too confusing to the user.
  &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Basie Status Update (March 23, 2010)</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/basie/2010/03/basie-status-update-march-23-2010/</link>
      <pubDate>Wed, 24 Mar 2010 05:34:03 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/basie/2010/03/basie-status-update-march-23-2010/</guid>
      <description>&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Road Blocks:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Alex &amp;#8211; Looking for some feedback on timezone tests, mainly for source app. (&lt;a title=&#34;Link to review request.&#34; href=&#34;http://review.basieproject.org/r/723/&#34; target=&#34;_blank&#34;&gt;R723&lt;/a&gt;)

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Guillaumes will review them and provide feedback.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Chris &amp;#8211; Awaiting review for Trac-2-Basie tool. (&lt;a title=&#34;Link to review request.&#34; href=&#34;http://review.basieproject.org/r/718/&#34; target=&#34;_blank&#34;&gt;R718&lt;/a&gt;)

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Nikita has been given the task as reviewer.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Chad &amp;#8211; Need some redirection from Veronica in terms of design.

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Veronica and Chad will have discussion.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Status:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Guillaumes continues with Selenium testing. Tests for the about page has been reviewed by Chris, now awaiting update. Up next for Selenium testing is the Tickets app.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Francois also working on Selenium testing. Tests for the Dashboard is under review by Chris. Additionally, tests for admin_database should be up in ReviewBoard really soon.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Nikita knocked off 2 tickets off his list (&lt;a title=&#34;Link to ticket 305.&#34; href=&#34;https://basieproject.org/stable/basie/basie/tickets/305/&#34; target=&#34;_blank&#34;&gt;T305&lt;/a&gt;, &lt;a title=&#34;Link to ticket 308.&#34; href=&#34;https://basieproject.org/stable/basie/basie/tickets/308/&#34; target=&#34;_blank&#34;&gt;T308&lt;/a&gt;), both committed. He&amp;#8217;ll be posting a review request for Tagging by tomorrow. Additionally, he&amp;#8217;ll be reviewing Chris&amp;#8217; Trac2basie tool.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Veronica continued producing great mockups, &lt;a title=&#34;Local Search Mockup PDF.&#34; href=&#34;http://blog.basieproject.org/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/Basie-v.0.05-Local-Search.pdf&#34; target=&#34;_blank&#34;&gt;&amp;#8220;Local Search&amp;#8221;&lt;/a&gt; and &lt;a title=&#34;Global Header Mockup PDF.&#34; href=&#34;http://blog.basieproject.org/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/Basie-v.0.05-Project-Switch1.pdf&#34; target=&#34;_blank&#34;&gt;&amp;#8220;Global Header&amp;#8221;&lt;/a&gt;. She had a meeting with Tania and discussed about the documentation.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Chris once again did quite a few reviews for everyone (&lt;a title=&#34;Link to review 566.&#34; href=&#34;http://review.basieproject.org/r/566/&#34; target=&#34;_blank&#34;&gt;R566&lt;/a&gt;, &lt;a title=&#34;Link to review 657.&#34; href=&#34;http://review.basieproject.org/r/657/&#34; target=&#34;_blank&#34;&gt;R657&lt;/a&gt;, &lt;a title=&#34;Link to review 713.&#34; href=&#34;http://review.basieproject.org/r/713/&#34; target=&#34;_blank&#34;&gt;R713&lt;/a&gt;, &lt;a title=&#34;Link to review 715.&#34; href=&#34;http://review.basieproject.org/r/715/&#34; target=&#34;_blank&#34;&gt;R715&lt;/a&gt;, &lt;a title=&#34;Link to review 719.&#34; href=&#34;http://review.basieproject.org/r/719/&#34; target=&#34;_blank&#34;&gt;R719&lt;/a&gt;). Also, Chris has filed several new tickets (&lt;a title=&#34;Link to ticket 311.&#34; href=&#34;https://basieproject.org/stable/basie/basie/tickets/311/&#34; target=&#34;_blank&#34;&gt;T311&lt;/a&gt;, &lt;a title=&#34;Link to ticket 312.&#34; href=&#34;https://basieproject.org/stable/basie/basie/tickets/312/&#34; target=&#34;_blank&#34;&gt;T312&lt;/a&gt;, &lt;a title=&#34;Link to ticket 313.&#34; href=&#34;https://basieproject.org/stable/basie/basie/tickets/313/&#34; target=&#34;_blank&#34;&gt;T313&lt;/a&gt;).&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Alex has submitted some tests for timezones, should be ready in the next couple of days.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Chad has been working hard on getting attachments up, just needs some GUI work. A review request for attachments is planned for next week.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Jackie has been working on error messages for milestones, it&amp;#8217;s nearly ready for commit. Next would be error messages for tickets, which should be quick as it&amp;#8217;s really similar to milestones.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Eclipse4Edu Meeting Minutes</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/eclipse4edu/2010/03/eclipse4edu-meeting-minutes-4/</link>
      <pubDate>Fri, 19 Mar 2010 18:47:07 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/eclipse4edu/2010/03/eclipse4edu-meeting-minutes-4/</guid>
      <description>&lt;p&gt;We had a brief meeting today and here is the summary.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Present: Brenda, Cory&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Absent: Miles&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Drag and Drop&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211;Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Cory is still plugging away at implementing this, as it is not a small task.Â  If anyone is interested in looking at it and providing feedback, it would be beneficial.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211;Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  He is also wondering if anyone has priorities or features in mind in regards to drag and drop.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Class Wizard&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211;Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Brenda intends to refactor her patch for fixing the package dropdown menu to separate UI from the model.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211;Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Making a package constructor is something to look into.Â  This could potentially lead to moving class lookup into the class constructor and package lookup into the package constructor.Â  Possibly by making static methods such as findClasses(project, package).&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Simplify Menus&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211;Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Miles is working on this and has posted patches and comments marking his progress on Bug 299848.&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Status Reports: Mar 15, 2010</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/eclipse4edu/2010/03/status-reports-mar-15-2010/</link>
      <pubDate>Wed, 17 Mar 2010 18:12:29 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/eclipse4edu/2010/03/status-reports-mar-15-2010/</guid>
      <description>

&lt;h2 id=&#34;brenda:9e036d6ebd6fb0ccb004e174bf694c56&#34;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Brenda&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;status:9e036d6ebd6fb0ccb004e174bf694c56&#34;&gt;Status&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Reworked the patch for Bug 303426 to fix the problem Wayne noted.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;I found the solution to Bug 303581 and included it in this patch as the code greatly overlapped and the problems were related. Made note of this in Bug 303581.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Started investigating into Bug 303420 (Simplify the user experience when renaming a type from the pop-up menu) to see how this should be done. I have the main outline coded, but I&amp;#8217;m still figuring out how to pull in the refactoring functionality to use in conjunction with this code.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;final-steps:9e036d6ebd6fb0ccb004e174bf694c56&#34;&gt;Final Steps&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Finish what I started this week on the class constructor (TODOs and Bug 301326: NewJavaClassConstructor#construct() needs to be more robust).&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Look into Bug 303420: Simplify the user experience when renaming a type from the pop-up menu.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Go back to Bug 299342: &amp;ldquo;New Java Package&amp;rdquo; option should automatically create a Java Project, to use the NewJavaProjectConstructor to create the default project.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Address Bug 303427: Can&amp;#8217;t specify a source folder in the Package Wizard.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Complete final report.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;roadblocks:9e036d6ebd6fb0ccb004e174bf694c56&#34;&gt;Roadblocks&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul type=&#34;disc&#34;&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;
    Last week of midterms.
  &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2 id=&#34;cory:9e036d6ebd6fb0ccb004e174bf694c56&#34;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Cory&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;status-1:9e036d6ebd6fb0ccb004e174bf694c56&#34;&gt;Status&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Still quite busy with plenty of other schoolwork. Approaching end of term, and its always hectic.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Did get some time last weekend to do some more work on the drag and drop implementation. (See Bug 299878 for more info).&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;I ended up refactoring some code, and made the drag and drop listener implementations a little less &amp;ldquo;exotic&amp;rdquo;.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Will be following this update with a new patch to the bug.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;next-steps:9e036d6ebd6fb0ccb004e174bf694c56&#34;&gt;Next Steps&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Due to code halt within the next 2 weeks, I figure it might be best for me to keep working on the drag and drop implementation.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;There is still a couple &amp;ldquo;major&amp;rdquo; issues to sort out, and I will try and fix those up. Namely, providing the ability to detect if a name conflict exists before attempting the move, and then provide the user the ability to change the file name.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Small stuff like &amp;#8211; I have a good 6-8 TODOs to fix in the code, and I&amp;#8217;m sure wayne will want to add his 2 cents in as well.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;It would be nice if we got some feedback on all pending patches, so we can make sure they get finished / committed before the end of the course.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Complete final report.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;roadblocks-1:9e036d6ebd6fb0ccb004e174bf694c56&#34;&gt;Roadblocks&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul type=&#34;disc&#34;&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;
    Other courses.
  &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2 id=&#34;miles:9e036d6ebd6fb0ccb004e174bf694c56&#34;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Miles&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;status-2:9e036d6ebd6fb0ccb004e174bf694c56&#34;&gt;Status&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Worked on simplifying the menus using the activities extension.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;This seems to work quite well but complete control over the menus is still elusive.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;There are a bunch of things I can remove and a few things that stubbornly wonât go away.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;final-steps-1:9e036d6ebd6fb0ccb004e174bf694c56&#34;&gt;Final Steps&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Figuring out how to simplify the menus. If this goes smoothly I will try to apply the lessons learned to simplifying the tool bars.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Complete final report.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;roadblocks-2:9e036d6ebd6fb0ccb004e174bf694c56&#34;&gt;Roadblocks&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul type=&#34;disc&#34;&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;
    Just difficulty figuring out how to get complete control over the UI.
  &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Basie Status Reports</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/basie/2010/03/basie-status-reports-2/</link>
      <pubDate>Tue, 16 Mar 2010 18:09:35 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/basie/2010/03/basie-status-reports-2/</guid>
      <description>&lt;p&gt;Here are status reports for this week (15th of March):&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&#34;http://blog.basieproject.org/?p=2533&#34;&gt;Veronica&lt;/a&gt; reviewed draft of the &amp;#8220;Getting Started&amp;#8221; document for the project and filed a ticket describing proper header behaviour (&lt;a href=&#34;https://basieproject.org/stable/basie/basie/tickets/116/&#34;&gt;#116&lt;/a&gt;). She is planning to apply some of her magic to revamp ticket and global search UI design, and will start working on the UI/frontend style guide together with Chris.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&#34;http://blog.basieproject.org/?p=2511&#34;&gt;Jackie&lt;/a&gt; worked on improving error message reporting in milestones and tickets apps. He has finished milestones and will continue working on tickets this week.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&#34;http://blog.basieproject.org/?p=2569&#34;&gt;Chad&lt;/a&gt; published a walkthrough document containing instructions on setting up an XP machine for Basie development. These instructions will be soon merged into our documentation. He will be working on the email attachments feature and will have something on the reviewboard early next week.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&#34;http://blog.basieproject.org/?p=2575&#34;&gt;Nikita&lt;/a&gt; closed several outstanding tickets. In addition, he was occupied researching how to better implement tagging. He will continue working on tagging this week, with a goal to produce a solution for ticket and milestone application by the next meeting.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&#34;http://blog.basieproject.org/?p=2543&#34;&gt;Chris&lt;/a&gt; worked on trac2basie utility as well as reviewing lots of peer code on the review board. He will continue adding features to the trac2basie tool this week, and will have it ready for the first review early next week.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&#34;http://blog.basieproject.org/?p=2565&#34;&gt;Francois&lt;/a&gt; and &lt;a href=&#34;http://blog.basieproject.org/?p=2519&#34;&gt;Guillaume&lt;/a&gt; spent most of their timeÂ  adding more Selenium tests to the project and will continue to do that this week. They might also be pairing up with Chad to help him out with coding up the email attachment feature.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&#34;http://blog.basieproject.org/?p=2559&#34;&gt;Alex&lt;/a&gt; had lots of fun with timezones this week, commiting several pieces of code in regards to those issues. He started learning Selenium framework, which he will continue to do this week along with reviewing Francois&amp;#8217; and Guillaume&amp;#8217;s test suits.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Status Reports: Mar 8, 2010</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/eclipse4edu/2010/03/status-reports-mar-8-2010/</link>
      <pubDate>Wed, 10 Mar 2010 15:10:07 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/eclipse4edu/2010/03/status-reports-mar-8-2010/</guid>
      <description>

&lt;h2 id=&#34;brenda:0125e5ef18985a55de2d3992b1e8eba6&#34;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Brenda&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;status:0125e5ef18985a55de2d3992b1e8eba6&#34;&gt;Status&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Submitted a patch for Bug 303426 that fixes the unresolved issues with the previous patch. The package dropdown menu should now list the packages in the currently selected project, and update when a different project is chosen. The patch also makes sure the default package is listed as &amp;ldquo;(default package)&amp;rdquo; rather than a blank line.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;next-steps:0125e5ef18985a55de2d3992b1e8eba6&#34;&gt;Next Steps&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Look into issues with the NewJavaClassConstructor class. Specifically, address Bug 303581 and several of the TODOs and FIXMEs in the code where possible.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;roadblocks:0125e5ef18985a55de2d3992b1e8eba6&#34;&gt;Roadblocks&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul type=&#34;disc&#34;&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;
    Class deadlines and more midterms.
  &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2 id=&#34;cory:0125e5ef18985a55de2d3992b1e8eba6&#34;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Cory&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;status-1:0125e5ef18985a55de2d3992b1e8eba6&#34;&gt;Status&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Did a little bit of work on my DND implementation.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;I didn&amp;#8217;t get a lot of time over the past week to work on eclipse. I&amp;#8217;m allocating some more time towards eclipse later this week.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;next-steps-1:0125e5ef18985a55de2d3992b1e8eba6&#34;&gt;Next Steps&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Continue work on DND implementation. I need to refactor the code, and fix some more bugs. I hope to post an updated bug patch within the next week.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;roadblocks-1:0125e5ef18985a55de2d3992b1e8eba6&#34;&gt;Roadblocks&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul type=&#34;disc&#34;&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;
    Other classes
  &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2 id=&#34;miles:0125e5ef18985a55de2d3992b1e8eba6&#34;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Miles&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;status-2:0125e5ef18985a55de2d3992b1e8eba6&#34;&gt;Status&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Refactored sections of the new Class creation wizards and constructors using the extension point for templates as suggested by Wayne. I am making progress on this but doing this correctly and in a way that will be easy to maintain has been time consuming.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;next-steps-2:0125e5ef18985a55de2d3992b1e8eba6&#34;&gt;Next Steps&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Figuring out how to simplify the menus and toolbars.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Add further functionality to the Class creation constructor and wizards specifically relating to packages.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Make is so the Package field in the Class creation wizard is only displayed if there are packages created in the workspace.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;roadblocks-2:0125e5ef18985a55de2d3992b1e8eba6&#34;&gt;Roadblocks&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul type=&#34;disc&#34;&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;
    None.
  &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Thunderbird Update</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/status/2010/03/thunderbird-update/</link>
      <pubDate>Wed, 10 Mar 2010 04:01:42 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/status/2010/03/thunderbird-update/</guid>
      <description>&lt;p&gt;Some quick updates from the Thunderbird team for weeks starting February 22nd and March 1st. (This is a point-form summary; see &lt;a href=&#34;https://wiki.mozilla.org/Thunderbird/Students/StatusUpdates&#34;&gt;https://wiki.mozilla.org/Thunderbird/Students/StatusUpdates&lt;/a&gt;Â for each week&amp;#8217;s full report.)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Tim (Bug: Windows 7 overlay icons &amp;#8211; &lt;a href=&#34;https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=515907&#34;&gt;https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=515907&lt;/a&gt;)&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Wrote a short guide on Mozilla&amp;#8217;s patch development process&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Corrected a few issues related toÂ incorrect usageÂ of data types in his XPCOM component&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Submitted a patch&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Investigated test frameworks appropriate for testing his Windows 7 overlay icons implementation &amp;#8211; this is tricky because Mozilla has A LOT of test frameworks. It turns out that Tim needed to do mochitests and although these are tests for Thunderbird, they have to be run from Firefox.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Plans to submit test cases this week (week of March 8th)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Kefu Zhao (Bug:Â automatically determine &amp;#8220;From&amp;#8221; address for &amp;#8220;reply to list&amp;#8221; &amp;#8211;Â &lt;a href=&#34;https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?461669&#34;&gt;https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=461669&lt;/a&gt;)&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Working on retrieving the raw headers of an e-mailÂ (still in-progress)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Wei Xian Woo (Bug: improved session storage and restoration in Thunderbird &amp;#8211; &lt;a href=&#34;https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=408338&#34;&gt;https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=408338&lt;/a&gt;)&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Received feedback about my first patch from Blake and madeÂ the suggested changes&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Improved some test cases and added a new one&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Made additional changes to the session store manager to make intentions more clear&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Submitted revised first patch for review&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Brainstormed ideas for implementing support for persisting session state for other window types (right now, we only persist session state for the main Thunderbird windows aka the 3-pane windows).&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Everyone else&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Still happily working on their respective bugs. Recap of what they are working on:

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Zach Church &amp;#8211; &amp;#8220;reopen last closed tab&amp;#8221; (&lt;a href=&#34;https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=504122&#34;&gt;https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=504122&lt;/a&gt;)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Marcel Guzman &amp;#8211; interactive status bar/Activity Manager (&lt;a href=&#34;https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=476487&#34;&gt;https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=476487&lt;/a&gt;)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Lindauson Hazell &amp;#8211; all message related functions should go through default controller code (&lt;a href=&#34;https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=495815&#34;&gt;https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=495815&lt;/a&gt;)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Evan Stratford &amp;#8211; vCard import (&lt;a href=&#34;https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=79709&#34;&gt;https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=79709&lt;/a&gt;)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Mercurial is still flowing</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/mercurial/2010/03/mercurial-is-still-flowing/</link>
      <pubDate>Fri, 05 Mar 2010 02:54:04 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/mercurial/2010/03/mercurial-is-still-flowing/</guid>
      <description>&lt;p&gt;In Mercurial land, we&amp;#8217;ve made progress in closer integration between bfiles and core Mercurial commands, a tool to &amp;#8220;&lt;strong&gt;bfile&lt;/strong&gt;sify&amp;#8221; a Mercurial repository, and further work on the caseguard extension. More details below.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Due to various scheduling conflicts, we did not have a status meeting last week. This week the meeting happened on Wednesday at 9pm EST. We&amp;#8217;ll be back to Thursdays at 6:30pm EST starting next week.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Chat transcript: &lt;a href=&#34;https://ucosp.fogbugz.com/default.asp?W38&#34;&gt;https://ucosp.fogbugz.com/default.asp?W38&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Status reports for two weeks:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&#34;https://ucosp.fogbugz.com/default.asp?W35&#34;&gt;February 25th&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&#34;https://ucosp.fogbugz.com/default.asp?W36&#34;&gt;March 3rd&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Closer bfiles integration: as I&amp;#8217;ve discussed in a &lt;a href=&#34;http://ucosp.wordpress.com/2010/01/29/mercurial-progress-report-week-4/&#34; title=&#34;Week 4 status report introducing bfiles&#34;&gt;previous post&lt;/a&gt;, bfiles is an extension to store history of big and binary files outside the repository. Currently ther bfiles extension has its own set of commands: &amp;#8216;hg bfstatus&amp;#8217; analogous to &amp;#8216;hg status&amp;#8217;, &amp;#8216;hg bfadd&amp;#8217; analogous to &amp;#8216;hg add&amp;#8217;, etc. We want to integrate them into the core commands like &amp;#8216;hg status&amp;#8217;.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;While I spent my time discussing auto-status integration and debating the proper way to do it, Tessa and Wendy made significant progress on auto-put, auto-update, and auto-refresh. We are ready to try using and testing the parts together before making them ready for submission (as individual patches/branches).&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[Edit 3/5/2010: removed confusing wording about &amp;#8220;combining into a single patch&amp;#8221;]&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Paul has taken up the torch on a much-needed extension we call &amp;#8216;bfilesify&amp;#8217; which would take a regular repository and convert it to using bfiles where appropriate. This is an exciting project which should greatly ease the transition to bfiles.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Last but not least, Alex has been polishing up caseguard and improved its performance to the point where the impact on speed from using caseguard isÂ negligible. Caseguard has also become a somewhat regular topic on the mercurial mailing lists &amp;#8211; a good indication that it sees real use.&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Status Reports: Mar 1, 2010</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/eclipse4edu/2010/03/status-reports-mar-1-2010/</link>
      <pubDate>Wed, 03 Mar 2010 14:14:33 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/eclipse4edu/2010/03/status-reports-mar-1-2010/</guid>
      <description>

&lt;h2 id=&#34;brenda:5ab9d17520e55d5399ca0d2637cb74ae&#34;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Brenda&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;status:5ab9d17520e55d5399ca0d2637cb74ae&#34;&gt;Status&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Worked with Cory on fixing the patch I submitted for Bug 299965 (updating the view when a class is made in the default package of a project with a source folder). He made the fix and submitted the patch.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Submitted a patch for Bug 303426 (Class Creation Wizard lists projects in the package selection menu). It fixes the main problem, but is not complete yet.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;next-steps:5ab9d17520e55d5399ca0d2637cb74ae&#34;&gt;Next Steps&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Implement the second step for Bug 303426 so that the list of packages updates when the currently chosen project is changed.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Look into highlighting the currently selected item from the dropdown list.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;roadblocks:5ab9d17520e55d5399ca0d2637cb74ae&#34;&gt;Roadblocks&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul type=&#34;disc&#34;&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;
    None.
  &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2 id=&#34;cory:5ab9d17520e55d5399ca0d2637cb74ae&#34;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Cory&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;status-1:5ab9d17520e55d5399ca0d2637cb74ae&#34;&gt;Status&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Assisted Brenda on hiding package references (Bug 299965). I think we figured out the refresh issue, and I posted a new patch fixing that.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Started work on the drag and drop feature (Bug 299878). Submitted a first-pass patch towards this feature.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;I dedicated a fair bit of hours to eclipse this past week as I had a break in my other classes; I&amp;#8217;m expecting my next week or so will be dedicated to those classes instead &amp;#8211; as usual I get plenty of new assignments at the last minute.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;next-steps-1:5ab9d17520e55d5399ca0d2637cb74ae&#34;&gt;Next Steps&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Continue work on drag and drop.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Look into small things as they arise.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;roadblocks-1:5ab9d17520e55d5399ca0d2637cb74ae&#34;&gt;Roadblocks&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul type=&#34;disc&#34;&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;
    Other classes
  &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2 id=&#34;miles:5ab9d17520e55d5399ca0d2637cb74ae&#34;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Miles&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;status-2:5ab9d17520e55d5399ca0d2637cb74ae&#34;&gt;Status&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Refactored sections of the new Class creation wizards and constructors.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Moved more of the customizability of the wizards and constructor to the templates so that the templates along with a template specific action really drive all of the differences between templates in the rest of the classes.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;next-steps-2:5ab9d17520e55d5399ca0d2637cb74ae&#34;&gt;Next Steps&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Mostly the same as my last report.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Add further functionality to the Class creation constructor and wizards specifically relating to packages.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Make is so the Package field in the Class creation wizard is only displayed if there are packages created in the workspace.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;I would really like to start spending some time on figuring out how to simplify the menus and toolbars. This is such a big problem with the plug-in that it would be nice to get this fixed by the end of the semester.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;roadblocks-2:5ab9d17520e55d5399ca0d2637cb74ae&#34;&gt;Roadblocks&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ul type=&#34;disc&#34;&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;
    No real roadblocks.
  &lt;/li&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;
    I guess I would love to get some higher level feedback on the refactoring that has been done to the new Class constructor and wizards. Thoughts about the way things are fitting together, other possible designs, as well as what kinds of issues to be aware of when writing this kind of code would be educational.
  &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Veronica&amp;#039;s Midterm Report</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/basie/2010/03/veronicas-midterm-report/</link>
      <pubDate>Tue, 02 Mar 2010 23:28:06 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/basie/2010/03/veronicas-midterm-report/</guid>
      <description>&lt;p&gt;I can&amp;#8217;t believe we&amp;#8217;re halfway through the term. Congratulations to all the progress you&amp;#8217;ve made, everyone!&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Initial expectations:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Apply what I&amp;#8217;ve learned from courses and work. Check.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Explore techniques that I haven&amp;#8217;t had the chance to practice at work. E.g. Personas, but that&amp;#8217;s on the back-burner.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Collaborate closely with the developers. See below.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;What&amp;#8217;s going well:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;I think the code sprint at the beginning of the term has been invaluable in terms of motivation. There&amp;#8217;s the immediate reward of sitting together and hammering through a bunch of tickets, but there&amp;#8217;s also aÂ psychologicalÂ byproduct of meeting everyone who you&amp;#8217;re going to work with and won&amp;#8217;t be seeing for the next few months. Being able to put a face to a name helps motivate me to push out a mockup because I know a &lt;em&gt;person&lt;/em&gt; is waiting on me. There&amp;#8217;s accountability, sort of like a hard deadline vs. soft deadline?&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;From a development standpoint, I don&amp;#8217;t think I&amp;#8217;ve learned anything new as of yet, but the experience is certainly reinforcing everything I&amp;#8217;ve accumulated from PEY/school/freelancing:

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Practices from work/school: wireframe/prototype, annotate, pass to developers, discuss&amp;#8211;rinse and repeat.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Collaboration is difficult; especially when you&amp;#8217;re not occupying the same space or time as your team.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Communication is difficult: mailing lists, IRCs, IMs&amp;#8230; Everyone has their preferred method of communication which fits into their respective workflow, but it doesn&amp;#8217;t always play nicely with others.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;The challenges:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Having a 9-5 full-time job restricts the timeframe in which I can work on Basie. Weekly meetings are on Tuesday, and while everyone else is chipping away at the project throughout the week, I can only find the time to sit down and think things through on the weekends. I try to keep on top of questions on the mailing list during the week, but I&amp;#8217;d love to be able to ride the same wave as everyone else.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;At the beginning of the term, I had planned on blogging my progress. But between mocking up features and answering questions, writing about what I&amp;#8217;m doing seems less important than actually doing it.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Collaboration with teammates is difficult, and the challenge is two folds:&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;* With teammates in different parts of Canada, we can only communicate online, and that limits the means in which we can effectively work together. I can&amp;#8217;t sketch, or make gestures, or talk and point&amp;#8211;there&amp;#8217;re tools that try to simulate the experience, but it&amp;#8217;s cumbersome. It&amp;#8217;s difficult enough to find time to meet with people in the same university, but factor in time-zones and physical distance, it just makes sense to work independently.

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;I&amp;#8217;d love to be able to bounce ideas off another user experience designer who understands the context of the system. I&amp;#8217;m falling back on experience, posing questions during meetings, and the occasional chats with Victoria (from MarkUs) and people at work, but sanity checks with someone who knows the project and who has that sort of thinking would be awesome.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Next steps&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Overall, I think I&amp;#8217;m still on track with the work even though I&amp;#8217;ve been mostly reactive (to questions and tickets) as opposed to being ahead of the curve. What I&amp;#8217;d like to accomplish before the end of the term:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Aside from addressing outstanding features (so that we don&amp;#8217;t have half-finished items for the next batch of students), I&amp;#8217;d like to finish a complete set of wireframes/mockup for the system even if they&amp;#8217;re just broad strokes.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;For the same reason that the ReviewBoard is important for keeping bad code out of the repository, I&amp;#8217;d also love to do a style guide so that there&amp;#8217;s a set of rules that developers can refer to to streamline the UI for inconsistencies.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
  </channel>
</rss>