<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="yes" ?>
<rss version="2.0" xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <channel>
    <title>Flightsim on My New Hugo Site</title>
    <link>http://haruute0.github.io/categories/flightsim/</link>
    <description>Recent content in Flightsim on My New Hugo Site</description>
    <generator>Hugo -- gohugo.io</generator>
    <language>en-us</language>
    <lastBuildDate>Mon, 12 Apr 2010 19:59:51 +0000</lastBuildDate>
    <atom:link href="http://haruute0.github.io/categories/flightsim/index.xml" rel="self" type="application/rss+xml" />
    
    <item>
      <title>Coming to a close&amp;#8230;</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/04/coming-to-a-close/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 12 Apr 2010 19:59:51 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/04/coming-to-a-close/</guid>
      <description>

&lt;p&gt;Our &lt;a href=&#34;http://ucosp.wordpress.com/category/flightsim/&#34;&gt;FlightSim&lt;/a&gt; project has come to a close last week, after posting our &lt;a href=&#34;http://ucosp.wordpress.com/2010/03/31/final-deliverables-of-data-center-flight-simulator/&#34;&gt;final delieverable&lt;/a&gt;. It&amp;#8217;s been a long ride, so I thought I should take my time to write down my experience and what I&amp;#8217;ve learned here.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Different from most of you, our project started at IBM&amp;#8217;s lab, not at the St. George campus. On our first morning, all of us were invited to their lab at Markham. The lab itself is a really cool place, and the IBMers have treated us well. But to be honest, it&amp;#8217;s not exactly the greatest experience. We were basically given a crash course on DB2, then the TE (which is the foundation that our project is building upon), plus some unsuccessful troubleshooting session on how to get both working on a Mac and Linux. Because the amount of information is SO overwhelming, by the end of the day, all I was left with is frustration and question marks. Heck, I don&amp;#8217;t really understand the porject that well to begin with, but then it feels like I understand that even less when we leave the labs. As everyone have already started doing some coding in the UT campus, I thought we would be doomed.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;On the second day, things start to look a bit better. Matthew gave us a walkthrough of the TE codebase. Overwhelming, still, but we are starting at least starting to see what this is all about. (The lack of projector is really leaving something to be desired&amp;#8230; six kids staring at a ultra-high pixel density laptop monitor&amp;#8230; not even funny!) We also did, in my opinion, one of the most important things for our project. We set up or communication channel (Skype) and a meeting time (Tues, Thurs). Yes, it&amp;#8217;s taking a lot longer than it should, and it could be done more efficiently, but I believe it&amp;#8217;s well worth the cost, we&amp;#8217;ll talk about this more in a bit.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;By the end of the code sprint, most of us still haven&amp;#8217;t got of systems set up probably. But then I started to understand more about our project and it seemed quite a bit more approachable.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;As we splitted and returned to our home city, the first challenge is to get things working on our end. This marks the first collebration of our team. Within days, the wiki is populated with detailed instructions on how to get things working and what works and what doesn&amp;#8217;t. We also helped each other out on Skype. Perhaps it&amp;#8217;s the frustration we have in common that really bonded the whole team together, and this helped to smooth things out a lot for the rest of the term. It still takes a few more weeks and a lot of help from IBM (esp Paul, you&amp;#8217;re awesome!!) before our systems are truely functioning, but can at least start doing some useful work now.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;My first assignment is to investigate the recurssive queries issue. Basically, I need to write a recurrsive query that saturates the CPU. It took me quite a while to figure out what that even means. This is pretty much my first official encounter with the massive DB2 system, so I spent a good amount of time researching and learning how to fight this little monster. After a lot of trial and error, I have sucessfully created a recursive query that does some interesting things. However, the result is quite disappointing. Although it took me days to write that query, it only took the database 5ms to execute it. Matthew suggested that DB2 might be doing some crazy optimization behind the scene for me. Although this attempt turned out fruitless, it was a good experience and allowed me to get myself familiar with the DB2 system.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;I was then reassigned to work with Mike on his locklist overflow scenario. His scenario worked beautifully on his machine, so I took up the task to reproduce and record that on my laptop. However, after a night of trial and error, I still cannot reproduce the problem on my own machine. I did some extra research and concluded that the behavior might under this situation is undefined, so it varies wildly across machines. I looked into the nature of the problem and proposed some changes to the scenario (changed from locklist overflow to lock escalation). Although we didn&amp;#8217;t end up using this scenario, we did some serious work reseearching that problem, and left some pretty good foundation for other people to pick that up in the future.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;To avoid slowing down our progress due to the extra work needed for the lock escalation scenario, I picked up on Sylvian&amp;#8217;s lock wait scenario because it&amp;#8217;s much simplier to reproduce and understand. We then continued our work based on this senario and ultimately produced a working version of our scenario and attached it in the final delieverable.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2 id=&#34;what-i-have-learned-8230:f6c61e9e661d6d600198a02f9467fabb&#34;&gt;What I have learned&amp;#8230;&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;1-reading-other-people-8217-s-code:f6c61e9e661d6d600198a02f9467fabb&#34;&gt;1. Reading other people&amp;#8217;s code&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;p&gt;By far, I think this is the most valuable experience for me. In the real world, developer documentation is a luxary for lot of open source projects. Having the experience of reading and understanding other people&amp;#8217;s code will allow me to contribute to a wide range of open source project in the future.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;2-working-within-a-distributed-team:f6c61e9e661d6d600198a02f9467fabb&#34;&gt;2. Working within a distributed team&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;p&gt;This is probably one of the most important that Greg planned this course for us. I realized how important it is to maintain good communication with the team. What makes our team unique in UCOSP is that we have two weekly meetings, one via conference call, one via Skype chat. Although this could be overwhelming at first, I do find this highly valuable and would recommend other teams in UCOSP to do the same.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&#34;3-asking-help:f6c61e9e661d6d600198a02f9467fabb&#34;&gt;3. Asking help&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Without the help from IBMers like Matthew and Paul, we wouldn&amp;#8217;t have gone this far for this project. I learned to ask help when you need it, and more importantly HOW to ask help. Describing a complicated problem clearly (but overwhelming) could be challenging and this course turned out to be an excellent opportuinty for practicing that.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2 id=&#34;what-i-liked-8230:f6c61e9e661d6d600198a02f9467fabb&#34;&gt;What I liked&amp;#8230;&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;The semi-weekly meetings!&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;IBMers are very helpful&amp;#8230; and often respond within ours of us asking a question.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;The project was challenging, in a good way.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2 id=&#34;what-could-be-better-8230:f6c61e9e661d6d600198a02f9467fabb&#34;&gt;What could be better&amp;#8230;&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;The initial project definition was too vague&amp;#8230; Because most students joining this team will not have the experience needed for understanding the project, I think it&amp;#8217;d be a better idea for provide more guidance and make things more concrete for them at the beginning. Then, allow them to have more flexibility as they learned more about the project. (i.e. provide some clear and rigid goals, instead of allowing us to make our own goals right from the start, because we wouldn&amp;#8217;t be able to take advantage of that flexibility at that time anyways)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;The pieces we are building upon wasn&amp;#8217;t quite ready for prime time yet when we first started, which caused a lot of frustration as we spent most of our time debugging and setting things up in the first few weeks. I believe this has mostly been addressed by now, thanks to the new releases and the sandbox server.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;More documentation would be nice 🙂&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;The code sprint was quite overwhelming for most of us.. maybe we can aim to do/learn a little less at the sprint..?&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Again, I would like to thank the IBMers (esp Matthew and Paul) for providing us such an incredible experience!&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Final deliverables of Data Center Flight Simulator</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/final-deliverables-of-data-center-flight-simulator/</link>
      <pubDate>Wed, 31 Mar 2010 18:04:37 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/final-deliverables-of-data-center-flight-simulator/</guid>
      <description>&lt;p&gt;List of deliverables:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Technology Explorer for IBM DB2: &lt;a href=&#34;https://db2mc.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/db2mc/UCOSP/release/final&#34;&gt;https://db2mc.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/db2mc/UCOSP/release/final&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;WMD workload profiles: &lt;a href=&#34;https://db2mc.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/db2mc/UCOSP/release/final/config_files%20in%20WMD/&#34;&gt;https://db2mc.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/db2mc/UCOSP/release/final/config_files%20in%20WMD/&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Document on how to add new scenarios: &lt;a href=&#34;https://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/db2mc/index.php?title=Adding_new_Scenarios&#34;&gt;https://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/db2mc/index.php?title=Adding_new_Scenarios&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Document on how to use TE to test a person: &lt;a href=&#34;https://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/db2mc/index.php?title=Testing_a_person_DB2_diagnostic_knowledge_using_the_Technology_Explorer&#34;&gt;https://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/db2mc/index.php?title=Testing_a_person_DB2_diagnostic_knowledge_using_the_Technology_Explorer&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Document of graphical indicator: &lt;a href=&#34;https://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/db2mc/index.php?title=Action_-_indicator&#34;&gt;https://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/db2mc/index.php?title=Action_-_indicator&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Final video of locklist tutorial:

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;URL1: &lt;a href=&#34;http://vimeo.com/10569706&#34;&gt;http://vimeo.com/10569706&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;URL2:  to be uploaded to sourceforge.net&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Final video of IO tutorial:

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;URL1: &lt;a href=&#34;http://reseau.twisto.ca/io.m4v&#34;&gt;http://reseau.twisto.ca/io.m4v&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;URL2: &lt;a href=&#34;http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RLgOBTtMyvs&#34;&gt;http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RLgOBTtMyvs&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;URL3: to be uploaded to sourceforge.net&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Individual reports:

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Diane: &lt;a href=&#34;http://dianetam.com/dev/blog/&#34;&gt;http://dianetam.com/dev/blog/&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Lenny : &lt;a href=&#34;http://hanlenny.wordpress.com/&#34;&gt;http://hanlenny.wordpress.com/&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Jean: to be submitted individually&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Sylvain: to be submitted individually&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Godfrey: to be submitted individually&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Michael: sent earlier via email&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[](&lt;a href=&#34;https://db2mc.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/db2mc/UCOSP/release/final&#34;&gt;https://db2mc.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/db2mc/UCOSP/release/final&lt;/a&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[](&lt;a href=&#34;https://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/db2mc/index.php?title=Adding_new_Scenarios&#34;&gt;https://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/db2mc/index.php?title=Adding_new_Scenarios&lt;/a&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[](&lt;a href=&#34;https://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/db2mc/index.php?title=Testing_a_person_DB2_diagnostic_knowledge_using_the_Technology_Explorer&#34;&gt;https://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/db2mc/index.php?title=Testing_a_person_DB2_diagnostic_knowledge_using_the_Technology_Explorer&lt;/a&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[](&lt;a href=&#34;https://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/db2mc/index.php?title=Action_-_indicator&#34;&gt;https://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/db2mc/index.php?title=Action_-_indicator&lt;/a&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[](&lt;a href=&#34;http://vimeo.com/10569706&#34;&gt;http://vimeo.com/10569706&lt;/a&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[](&lt;a href=&#34;http://reseau.twisto.ca/io.m4v&#34;&gt;http://reseau.twisto.ca/io.m4v&lt;/a&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[](&lt;a href=&#34;http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RLgOBTtMyvs&#34;&gt;http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RLgOBTtMyvs&lt;/a&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[](&lt;a href=&#34;http://dianetam.com/dev/blog/&#34;&gt;http://dianetam.com/dev/blog/&lt;/a&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[](&lt;a href=&#34;http://hanlenny.wordpress.com/&#34;&gt;http://hanlenny.wordpress.com/&lt;/a&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Data Server Flight Simulator meeting minutes March 30th, 2010</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/data-server-flight-simulator-meeting-minutes-march-30th-2010/</link>
      <pubDate>Tue, 30 Mar 2010 17:58:30 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/data-server-flight-simulator-meeting-minutes-march-30th-2010/</guid>
      <description>&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Time:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Mar 30th, 2010 1pm EST&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Attendance&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Michael, Matthew, Sylvain, , Godfrey,  Lenny ,Diane&lt;strong&gt;, Matthew&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Absence:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Jean&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;General Update&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Michael will send the final package to Matthew tomorrow, please send Michael an email with all the work you want to delivery for tomorrow before 1pm EST, March 31st&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Please update to the latest code sometime today, and make sure your portion runs without problem.&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Please check in your WMD profiles into the config_files folder under mainline2(check out the current code, add your changes, then check it back in)&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Sylvain, Lenny and Godfrey send Matthew a summary(or your journal entry) of what you are responsible for, this is for the marking&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conference information&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;No meeting this week, next meeting is April 8&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;, Thursday at 1pm EST&lt;/li&gt;

&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Conference ID: 4450146&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Local Dial-in number: 416-343-2610&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Toll-free Dial-in number: 1 866-251-2605&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Deliverables today:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;New video of lock wait scenario uploaded to &lt;a href=&#34;https://sourceforge.net/projects/db2mc/files/UCOSP%20-%20Data%20center%20flight%20simulator/lock_wait_march_23.mov/download&#34;&gt;https://sourceforge.net/projects/db2mc/files/UCOSP%20-%20Data%20center%20flight%20simulator/lock_wait_march_23.mov/download&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Document of how to test a person uploaded to&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;a href=&#34;https://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/db2mc/index.php?title=Testing_a_person_DB2_diagnostic_knowledge_using_the_Technology_Explorer&#34;&gt;https://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/db2mc/index.php?title=Testing_a_person_DB2_diagnostic_knowledge_using_the_Technology_Explorer&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Documentation of graphical indicator uploaded&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;a href=&#34;http://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/db2mc/index.php?title=Action_-_indicator&#34;&gt;http://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/db2mc/index.php?title=Action_-_indicator&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Documentation of adding new scenario uploaded to&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;a href=&#34;http://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/db2mc/index.php?title=Adding_new_Scenarios&#34;&gt;http://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/db2mc/index.php?title=Adding_new_Scenarios&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Goal of Sprint 5&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;We need to finalize everything, think about this as the final exam, you will hand in your work on March 31&lt;sup&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt;, and you will get graded for the work&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;That is to say, by March 31&lt;sup&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt;, you should have no un-closed tickets in the ticket tracker&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Development Process:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Everyone please check out the code at  &lt;a href=&#34;https://db2mc.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/db2mc/UCOSP/mainline2&#34;&gt;https://db2mc.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/db2mc/UCOSP/mainline2&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Then  make your changes, make sure it runs well on your system, and check it back in&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;The idea is to make sure we have a well-integrated TE-UCOSP by March 31&lt;sup&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Journey entries could be delivered later than March 31st&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Individual tasks:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Diane &amp;amp; Lenny:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Put the example xml right in the document instead of referencing a file&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Talk to Godfrey on how to split the content of two documents&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;A short journey entry on how you worked on your tasks&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Sylvan &amp;amp; Jean:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;a short journal entry on how you worked on your own scenario&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Godfrey&amp;amp; Michael:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Meet today for another recording&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;(Godfrey)Talk to Lenny on how to split the content of two documents&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;a short journal entry on how you worked on your own scenario&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Issues:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Please use the category S5 in your tickets.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Important upcoming deadlines:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;• Build panels to make it easier to diagnose problems:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦           Mar. 31&lt;sup&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt; 2010 – Updated videos of scenario tutorials&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;• Build a method to allow someone to test a person&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦           Mar. 31st 2010 – Final&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;• Build lesson plan and document how to add new scenarios&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦           Mar. 31st 2010 – Final&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>flight Simulator Meeting minutes March 25, 2010</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/flight-simulator-meeting-minutes-march-25-2010/</link>
      <pubDate>Thu, 25 Mar 2010 17:40:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/flight-simulator-meeting-minutes-march-25-2010/</guid>
      <description>&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Time:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Mar 25th, 2010 1pm EST&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Attendance&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Michael, Matthew, Sylvain, Jean, Godfrey,  Lenny ,Diane&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Absence:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;General Update&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conference information&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Tuesday: Skype only&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Thursday: by phone:&lt;/li&gt;

&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Conference ID: 4450146&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Local Dial-in number: 416-343-2610&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Toll-free Dial-in number: 1 866-251-2605&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Deliverables today:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;New video of lock wait scenario uploaded to &lt;a href=&#34;https://sourceforge.net/projects/db2mc/files/UCOSP%20-%20Data%20center%20flight%20simulator/lock_wait_march_23.mov/download&#34;&gt;https://sourceforge.net/projects/db2mc/files/UCOSP%20-%20Data%20center%20flight%20simulator/lock_wait_march_23.mov/download&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Document of how to test a person uploaded to&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;a href=&#34;https://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/db2mc/index.php?title=How_to_Use_TE_to_Test_a_Person&#34;&gt;https://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/db2mc/index.php?title=How_to_Use_TE_to_Test_a_Person&lt;/a&gt;****&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Documentation of graphical indicator uploaded to &lt;a href=&#34;http://dianetam.com/dev/blog/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/Documentation_on_graphical_indicators_in_TE.doc&#34;&gt;http://dianetam.com/dev/blog/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/Documentation_on_graphical_indicators_in_TE.doc&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Documentation of adding new scenario uploaded to&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;a href=&#34;https://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/db2mc/index.php?title=Adding_new_Scenarios&#34;&gt;https://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/db2mc/index.php?title=Adding_new_Scenarios&lt;/a&gt;****&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Goal of Sprint 5&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;We need to finalize everything, think about this as the final exam, you will hand in your work on March 31&lt;sup&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt;, and you will get graded for the work&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;That is to say, by March 31&lt;sup&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt;, you should have no un-closed tickets in the ticket tracker&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Remaining Tasks:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Everyone please make your changes according to Matthew`s comments&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Graphical indicator document should be moved to a wiki page&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Indicator should have a size that people can scale&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;For the lock wait tutorial, we want the WMD be better incorporated with the dials, document should be sent to IBM to address the issue&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Development Process:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Matthew – Please create tickets and assign them to individuals on the team&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Everyone please check out the code at  &lt;a href=&#34;https://db2mc.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/db2mc/UCOSP/mainline&#34;&gt;https://db2mc.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/db2mc/UCOSP/mainline&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Then  make your changes, make sure it runs well on your system, and check it back in&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;The idea is to make sure we have a well-integrated TE-UCOSP by March 31&lt;sup&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Journey entries could be delivered later than March 31st&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Individual tasks:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Diane &amp;amp; Lenny:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Move the graphical indicator to wikipage&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Integrate the new dials before Tuesday&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;A short journey entry on how you worked on your tasks&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Sylvan &amp;amp; Jean:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;a short journal entry on how you worked on your own scenario&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Godfrey:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;a short journal entry on how you worked on your own scenario&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;send IBM a document on the WMD-dial display issue&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Michael:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;in the particular example, indicate which scenario is being tested&amp;#8221;add a new scenario&amp;#8221;, describe the process in detail&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;a short journal entry on how you worked on your own scenario&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Issues:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Please use the category S5 in your tickets.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Important upcoming deadlines:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;• Build panels to make it easier to diagnose problems:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 31&lt;sup&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt; 2010 &amp;#8211; Updated videos of scenario tutorials&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;• Build a method to allow someone to test a person&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 31st 2010 &amp;#8211; Final&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;• Build lesson plan and document how to add new scenarios&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 31st 2010 – Final&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Flight simulator meeting minutes March 23rd, 2010</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/flight-simulator-meeting-minutes-march-23rd-2010/</link>
      <pubDate>Tue, 23 Mar 2010 17:59:47 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/flight-simulator-meeting-minutes-march-23rd-2010/</guid>
      <description>&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Time:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Mar 23rd, 2010 1pm EST&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Attendance&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Michael, Matthew, Sylvain, Jean, Godfrey,  Lenny ,Diane&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Absence:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;General Comments for tutorials:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;The page of ugly columns can be shown in a better way in TE, Matthew will provide further information&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;The ad-hoc is now split into 2 panels, this can be displayed in 2 panels instead of split panels&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;The column rendering can be used to show the values on the dial, so dials can display a wider range&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;General Update&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Please create your tickets for the on-going tasks&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;The server will have one db2 instance, but everyone should run their own TE&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conference information&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Tuesday: Skype only&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Thursday: by phone:&lt;/li&gt;

&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Conference ID: 4450146&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Local Dial-in number: 416-343-2610&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Toll-free Dial-in number: 1 866-251-2605&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Tasks for Sprint 4:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;· &lt;em&gt;Deliver IO saturation tutorial with the best we can do by March 18&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;· &lt;em&gt;Build a panel with dials we have&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;· &lt;em&gt;Stabilize your work&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;· &lt;em&gt;Document the work&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;· &lt;em&gt;Build lesson plan about how to test a person&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Individual tasks:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Please note that the tasks mentioned below are all due on March 25&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Diane &amp;amp; Lenny :&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Done:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;have a wiki page setup for the documentation on indicators&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;move the WMD from UCOSP account to a public space&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;put up a wiki page on how to use the server&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Finished the dial work according to “general comments for tutorials in this minutes”&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;To-Do&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Finish the panel work&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Investigation report on how to work on the dials – a short journal entry&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Sylvan &amp;amp; Jean:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Done:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Stabilize the work , will need to add one more dial&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;To-do&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Fix the ad-hoc problem&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Investigation report on how you worked on your own scenario– a short journal entry&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Godfrey:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211;          Blocked by auto-refresh of dial in tutorial&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211;          Build lesson plan and document how to add new scenarios, deliver draft March 25&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Investigation report on how you worked on your own scenario– a short journal entry&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Michael:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211;          Blocked by auto-refresh of dial in tutorial&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211;          Build a method to allow someone to test a person, deliverable draft march 25&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Investigation report on how you worked on your own scenario– a short journal entry&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Issues:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;If you’re unclear about your task, please ask Matthew for clarification&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Please use the category S4 in your tickets.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Important upcoming deadlines:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;• Build panels to make it easier to diagnose problems:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 25&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; 2010 &amp;#8211; Draft available for feed back&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 31&lt;sup&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt; 2010 &amp;#8211; Updated videos of scenario tutorials&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;• Build a method to allow someone to test a person&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 25th 2010 &amp;#8211; Draft available for feed back&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 31st 2010 &amp;#8211; Walk through video&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;• Build lesson plan and document how to add new scenarios&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 25th 2010 &amp;#8211; Rough draft&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 31st 2010 – Final&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Flight Simulator meeting minutes March 18, 2010</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/flight-simulator-meeting-minutes-march-18-2010/</link>
      <pubDate>Thu, 18 Mar 2010 17:41:17 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/flight-simulator-meeting-minutes-march-18-2010/</guid>
      <description>&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Time:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Mar 18th, 2010 1pm EST&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Attendance&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Michael, Matthew, Sylvain, Jean, Godfrey,  Lenny ,Diane&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Absence:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;General Comments for tutorials:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;The page of ugly columns can be shown in a better way in TE, Matthew will provide further information&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;The ad-hoc is now split into 2 panels, this can be displayed in 2 panels instead of split panels&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;The column rendering can be used to show the values on the dial, so dials can display a wider range&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;General Update&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;IO Saturation deliverable accepted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;

&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;The server will have one db2 instance, but everyone should run their own TE&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conference information&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Tuesday: Skype only&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Thursday: by phone:&lt;/li&gt;

&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Conference ID: 4450146&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Local Dial-in number: 416-343-2610&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Toll-free Dial-in number: 1 866-251-2605&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Tasks for Sprint 4:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;· &lt;em&gt;Deliver IO saturation tutorial with the best we can do by March 18&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;· &lt;em&gt;Build a panel with dials we have&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;· &lt;em&gt;Stabilize your work&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;· &lt;em&gt;Document the work&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;· &lt;em&gt;Build lesson plan about how to test a person&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Individual tasks:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Please note that the tasks mentioned below are all due on March 25&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Diane &amp;amp; Lenny :&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Server setup finished, will add every to the group&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Will move the WMD from UCOSP account to a public space&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Will put up a wiki page when the server setup is done&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Finish the dial work – see “general comments for tutorials in this minutes”&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Finish the panel work&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Investigation report on how to work on the dials – a short journal entry&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Sylvan &amp;amp; Jean:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Stabilize the work – see “general comments for tutorials in this minutes”&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Investigation report on how you worked on your own scenario– a short journal entry&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Godfrey:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211;          Stabilize the work, will work with Michael on Friday – see “general comments for tutorials in this minutes”&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211;          Build lesson plan and document how to add new scenarios, deliver draft March 25&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Investigation report on how you worked on your own scenario– a short journal entry&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Michael:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211;          Stabilize the work, will work with Michael on Friday  – see “general comments for tutorials in this minutes”&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211;          Build a method to allow someone to test a person, deliverable draft march 25&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Investigation report on how you worked on your own scenario– a short journal entry&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Issues:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;If you’re unclear about your task, please ask Matthew for clarification&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Please use the category S4 in your tickets.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Important upcoming deadlines:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;• Build panels to make it easier to diagnose problems:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 25&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; 2010 &amp;#8211; Draft available for feed back&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 31&lt;sup&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt; 2010 &amp;#8211; Updated videos of scenario tutorials&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;• Build a method to allow someone to test a person&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 25th 2010 &amp;#8211; Draft available for feed back&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 31st 2010 &amp;#8211; Walk through video&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;• Build lesson plan and document how to add new scenarios&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 25th 2010 &amp;#8211; Rough draft&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 31st 2010 – Final&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Flight Simulator meeting minutes March 16, 2010</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/flight-simulator-meeting-minutes-march-16-2010/</link>
      <pubDate>Tue, 16 Mar 2010 17:40:26 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/flight-simulator-meeting-minutes-march-16-2010/</guid>
      <description>&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Time:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Mar 16th, 2010 1pm EST&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Attendance&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Michael, Matthew, Sylvain, Jean,&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Absence:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Godfrey,  Lenny ,Diane&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;General Update&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;IO Saturation deliverable on track, will be delivered by Thursday&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Please create your tickets for Sprint 4 in the tracker&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Conference information&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Tuesday: Skype only&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Thursday: by phone:&lt;/li&gt;

&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Conference ID: 4450146&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Local Dial-in number: 416-343-2610&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Toll-free Dial-in number: 1 866-251-2605&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Tasks for Sprint 4:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;· &lt;em&gt;Deliver IO saturation tutorial with the best we can do by March 18&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;· &lt;em&gt;Build a panel with dials we have&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;· &lt;em&gt;Stabilize your work&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;· &lt;em&gt;Document the work&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;· &lt;em&gt;Build lesson plan about how to test a person&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Individual tasks:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Matthew:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;· Fix the refresh drop-down problem in tutorial&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Diane:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;-WMD setup,  will post a ‘how-to’ document later&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;-implement the panel of dials, deliver draft March 25&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Lenny:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;-help Diane with the server setup&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;-document on how to create the dials, post it on the wiki&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Sylvan &amp;amp; Jean:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Keep working on the IO tutorial, delivery Thursday&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Godfrey:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211;          Stabilize the work&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211;          Build lesson plan and document how to add new scenarios, deliver draft March 25&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Michael:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211;          Stabilize the work&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211;          Build a method to allow someone to test a person, deliverable draft march 25&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Issues:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;If you’re unclear about your task, please ask Matthew for clarification&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Please use the category S4 in your tickets!&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Important upcoming deadlines:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;March 18&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;, video of IO saturation tutorial&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;• Build panels to make it easier to diagnose problems:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 25&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; 2010 &amp;#8211; Draft available for feed back&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 31&lt;sup&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt; 2010 &amp;#8211; Updated videos of scenario tutorials&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;• Build a method to allow someone to test a person&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 25th 2010 &amp;#8211; Draft available for feed back&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 31st 2010 &amp;#8211; Walk through video&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;• Build lesson plan and document how to add new scenarios&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 25th 2010 &amp;#8211; Rough draft&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 31st 2010 – Final&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Flight Simulator meeting minutes March 11, 2010</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/flight-simulator-meeting-minutes-march-11-2010/</link>
      <pubDate>Thu, 11 Mar 2010 19:25:34 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/flight-simulator-meeting-minutes-march-11-2010/</guid>
      <description>&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Time:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Mar 11th, 2010 1pm EST&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Attendance&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Michael, Lenny, Matthew, Sylvain, Jean, Diane&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Absence:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Godfrey&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;General Update&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Deliverable partially accepted, we are blocked by the IO saturation scenario, brief problem specification as follows:

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Variables to monitor are dependent on machines&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Variables are not feasible to be displayed on a dial&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Unexpected negative  values appear on variables&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;The plan for now is to keep working on the IO scenario for another week, deliver the video with the best we can do by next Thursday&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Draft deliverables have been postponed by a week, this will give everyone enough time to stabilize your work, fix everything you don’t feel good about, while working on the next deliverable&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Please create your tickets for Sprint 4 in the tracker&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Conference information&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Tuesday: Skype only&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Thursday: by phone:&lt;/li&gt;

&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Conference ID: 4450146&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Local Dial-in number: 416-343-2610&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Toll-free Dial-in number: 1 866-251-2605&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Tasks for Sprint 4:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;·&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;strong&gt;&lt;em&gt;Deliver IO saturation tutorial with the best we can do by March 18&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;·&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;strong&gt;&lt;em&gt;Build a panel with dials we have&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;·&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;strong&gt;&lt;em&gt;Stabilize your work&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;·&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;strong&gt;&lt;em&gt;Document the work&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;· &lt;em&gt;Build lesson plan about how to test a person&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Individual tasks:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Matthew:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;·&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;strong&gt;Fix the refresh drop-down problem in tutorial&lt;/strong&gt; ****&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Diane:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;-WMD setup,  will post a ‘how-to’ document later&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;-Get server up and running without problem, the model is ‘one person on the server at a time’&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;-implement the panel of dials, deliver draft March 25&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Lenny:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;-help Diane with the server setup&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;-document on how to create the dials, post it on the wiki&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Sylvan &amp;amp; Jean:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Keep working on the IO tutorial, delivery next Thursday&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Godfrey:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211;          Stabilize the work&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211;          Build lesson plan and document how to add new scenarios, deliver draft March 25&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Michael:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211;          Stabilize the work&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211;          Build a method to allow someone to test a person, deliverable draft march 25&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Issues:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;If you’re unclear about your task, please ask Matthew for clarification&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Please use the category S4 in your tickets!&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Important upcoming deadlines:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;March 18&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;, video of IO saturation tutorial&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;• Build panels to make it easier to diagnose problems:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 25&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; 2010 &amp;#8211; Draft available for feed back&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 31&lt;sup&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt; 2010 &amp;#8211; Updated videos of scenario tutorials&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;• Build a method to allow someone to test a person&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 25th 2010 &amp;#8211; Draft available for feed back&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 31st 2010 &amp;#8211; Walk through video&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;• Build lesson plan and document how to add new scenarios&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 25th 2010 &amp;#8211; Rough draft&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 31st 2010 – Final&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>FlightSim meeting minutes March 9, 2010</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/flightsim-meeting-minutes-march-9-2010/</link>
      <pubDate>Tue, 09 Mar 2010 18:51:33 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/flightsim-meeting-minutes-march-9-2010/</guid>
      <description>&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Time:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Mar 9th, 2010 1pm EST&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Attendance&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Michael, Lenny, Matthew, Sylvain, Godfrey, Jean, Diane&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Absence:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;General Update&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Conference information&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Tuesday: Skype only&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Thursday: by phone:&lt;/li&gt;

&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Conference ID: 4450146&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Local Dial-in number: 416-343-2610&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Toll-free Dial-in number: 1 866-251-2605&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Goals for Sprint 3:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;em&gt;The general goal is to create a tutorial, like many others on TE, with our graphical indicator.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;** __**&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;em&gt;The tutorial will have an entry to open up a page with dials just for that tutorial (in the same page of the tutorial).&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Individual tasks:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Matthew:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;·&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;strong&gt;Clarification of next deliverables&lt;/strong&gt; ****&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Diane &amp;amp; Lenny:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;-WMD setup will be done by the end of day today&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211; Fixed a few bugs here and there&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Godfrey &amp;amp; Michael:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;·&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;strong&gt;value of Row locks vs table locks is hard to find&lt;/strong&gt;****&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Tutorials about lockwait created&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Tutorials about lock wati uploaded to &lt;a href=&#34;http://sourceforge.net/projects/db2mc/files/UCOSP%20-%20Data%20center%20flight%20simulator/lockwaits_too_many_uers_draft_March8.mov/download&#34;&gt;http://sourceforge.net/projects/db2mc/files/UCOSP%20-%20Data%20center%20flight%20simulator/lockwaits_too_many_uers_draft_March8.mov/download&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Jean &amp;amp; Sylvain:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Investigated more into the IO problem&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Will work together tonight to get the tutorials ready&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Issues:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Please use the category S3 in your tickets!&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Important upcoming deadlines:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Mar. 11rd 2010 &amp;#8211; Videos of scenario tutorials&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;• Build panels to make it easier to diagnose problems:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 18&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; 2010 &amp;#8211; Draft available for feed back&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 25&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; 2010 &amp;#8211; Updated videos of scenario tutorials&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;• Build a method to allow someone to test a person&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 18th 2010 &amp;#8211; Draft available for feed back&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 31st 2010 &amp;#8211; Walk through video&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;• Build lesson plan and document how to add new scenarios&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 18th 2010 &amp;#8211; Outline&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 25th 2010 &amp;#8211; Rough draft&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦ Mar. 31st 2010 – Final&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>FlightSim meeting minutes March 4th, 2010</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/flightsim-meeting-minutes-march-4th-2010/</link>
      <pubDate>Thu, 04 Mar 2010 18:25:32 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/flightsim-meeting-minutes-march-4th-2010/</guid>
      <description>&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Time:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Mar 4th, 2010 1pm EST&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Attendance&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Michael, Lenny, Matthew, Sylvain, Godfrey&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Absence:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Diane, Jean&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;General Update&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;The end of the term is April 15&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;We will need to check the status of WMD setup on the server&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Tuesday: Skype only&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Thursday: by phone:&lt;/li&gt;

&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Conference ID: 4450146&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Local Dial-in number: 416-343-2610&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Toll-free Dial-in number: 1 866-251-2605&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Goals for Sprint 3:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;em&gt;The general goal is to create a tutorial, like many others on TE, with our graphical indicator.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;em&gt;The tutorial will have an entry to open up a page with dials just for that tutorial (in the same page of the tutorial).&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Individual tasks:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Matthew:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Peter is happy with the videos&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Prototype done for Lenny’s work, due by the end of day today&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Diane &amp;amp; Lenny:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Diane Will work with Alan to set up the &lt;span style=&#34;text-decoration:underline;&#34;&gt;latest version&lt;/span&gt; of WMD on the server&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Note: there are some changes in xml format on the WMD, when a person tests his code on the server, he should make the change accordingly, it is up to you if you want to install the latest WMD or not(you may have to spend another 3 days on that, take the risk if you want)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Working on the bar, talking to Matthew on his problem, going to upload the code by the end of day today&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Godfrey &amp;amp; Michael:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Michael is merging everyone’s code in the repository and create a release. Expected to be ready by the end of day today&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Will work together on Friday&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Jean &amp;amp; Sylvain:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Continue to polish the scenario&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Issues:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Please use the category S3 in your tickets&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Important upcoming deadlines:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Mar. 13rd 2010 &amp;#8211; Videos of scenario tutorials&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;•                      Build panels to make it easier to diagnose problems:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Mar. 23rd 2010 &amp;#8211; Draft available for feed back&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;•                      Build a method to allow someone to test a person&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Mar. 21st 2010 &amp;#8211; Draft available for feed back&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Flight Sim meeting minutes March 2nd</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/flight-sim-meeting-minutes-march-2nd/</link>
      <pubDate>Tue, 02 Mar 2010 18:28:58 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/flight-sim-meeting-minutes-march-2nd/</guid>
      <description>&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Time:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Mar 2nd, 2010 1pm EST&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Attendance&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Michael, Lenny, Matthew, Sylvain, Godfrey, Jean&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Absence:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Diane&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;General Update&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Diane and Lenny with try both breakdown bar and histogram to see which one works better&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Conference information&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Tuesday: Skype only&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Thursday: by phone:&lt;/li&gt;

&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Conference ID: 4450146&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Local Dial-in number: 416-343-2610&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Toll-free Dial-in number: 1 866-251-2605&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Goals for Sprint 3:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;em&gt;The general goal is to create a tutorial, like many others on TE, with our graphical indicator.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;** __**&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;em&gt;The tutorial will have an entry to open up a page with dials just for that tutorial (in the same page of the tutorial).&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Individual tasks:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Matthew:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;·&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;strong&gt;Peter will attend one of the Thursday meetings, code and video demonstration will be required&lt;/strong&gt;****&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Diane:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211; modifying css inside indicator.js (relative sizing)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211; fix dials:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211; &amp;gt; 100 values not showing properly&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211; &amp;gt; 100 error handling modification&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211; missing space between the value of the dials and the unit&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211; tableDefinitions:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211; use of canvas, configure themes, custom error messages, refresh configurations&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211; images:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211; enhance images&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&amp;#8211; create an indicator that looks like a histogram where every column has its own value.  Used to show past values if we want to monitor in time.  Example) Show different values from different sources of I/O monitoring that represent something only if they are seen high at the same time.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Will work with Alan to set up the &lt;span style=&#34;text-decoration:underline;&#34;&gt;latest version&lt;/span&gt; of WMD on the server&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Note: there are some changes in xml format on the WMD, when a person tests his code on the server, he should make the change accordingly, it is up to you if you want to install the latest WMD or not(you may have to spend another 3 days on that, take the risk if you want)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Lenny&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Decided to implement a break-down bar for comparing different monitor values   it will be something like this: &lt;a href=&#34;http://img.skitch.com/20100301-cfdsgwbtmym45rm849p3qxy8j.png&#34;&gt;http://img.skitch.com/20100301-cfdsgwbtmym45rm849p3qxy8j.png&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Have done a simple version and integrated into TE dashboard&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Godfrey &amp;amp; Michael:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Created tickets for the next deliverable&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Michael has uploaded the videos&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Godfrey has tailored the video into a smaller resolution&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Godfrey has talked with Lenny about the dials&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Michael is merging everyone’s code in the repository and create a release. So please make sure your code are all checked into your personal branch&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Will work together on Friday&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;value of Row locks vs table locks may not be directly used, will investigate&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Jean &amp;amp; Sylvain:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Pushed research further to get more metrics to monitor&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Asked Diane to create an indicator that look like an histogram, something like this &lt;a href=&#34;http://media.techtarget.com/digitalguide/images/Misc/iw_histogram.gif&#34;&gt;http://media.techtarget.com/digitalguide/images/Misc/iw_histogram.gif&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Checked the code from S2 into repository&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Will create tickets for the next deliverable&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Issues:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Please use the category S3 in your tickets!&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Important upcoming deadlines:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Mar. 13rd 2010 &amp;#8211; Videos of scenario tutorials&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Build panels to make it easier to diagnose problems:&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Mar. 23rd 2010 &amp;#8211; Draft available for feed back&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Build a method to allow someone to test a person&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Mar. 21st 2010 &amp;#8211; Draft available for feed back&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>flightSim meeting minutes Feb 25</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/flightsim-meeting-minutes-feb-25/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Mar 2010 20:51:34 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/flightsim-meeting-minutes-feb-25/</guid>
      <description>&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Time:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Feb 25, 2010 1pm EST&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Attendance&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Diane, Michael, Lenny, Matthew, Sylvain, Godfrey, Jean&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Absence:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;General Update&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Deliverable Accepted&lt;/li&gt;

&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Suggestions:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;add text on dials&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;change the background (details from Matthew)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;should be able to resize the dial through some config&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Create dials for anything you are watching&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Video need to be in smaller resolution&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;For locklist scenario, a better way is to show a ratio of row lock vs. table lock&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;

&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Godfrey and Michael will keep the focus on locklist scenario&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;

&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Conference information&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;

&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Tuesday: Skype only&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;

&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Thursday: by phone:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;

&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Conference ID: 4450146&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Local Dial-in number: 416-343-2610&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Toll-free Dial-in number: 1 866-251-2605&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Goals for Sprint 3:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;em&gt;The general goal is to create a tutorial, like many others on TE, with our graphical indicator.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;** __**&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;em&gt;The tutorial will have an entry to open up a page with dials just for that tutorial (in the same page of the tutorial).&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Individual tasks:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Matthew:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Will send&lt;/strong&gt; an enhancement suggestion report later to help us identify where we need to improve&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Lenny&amp;amp; Diane&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Diane will work with Alan to set up the &lt;span style=&#34;text-decoration:underline;&#34;&gt;latest version&lt;/span&gt; of WMD on the server&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Note: there are some changes in xml format on the WMD, when a person tests his code on the server, he should make the change accordingly, it is up to you if you want to install the latest WMD or not(you may have to spend another 3 days on that, take the risk if you want)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Investigate other forms of the indicator, and pick one to work on&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Prioritise the work according to Matthew’s enhancement suggestion&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Godfrey &amp;amp; Michael:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Will keep the focus on locklist scenario, try to recreate it&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Create tickets for the next deliverable&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Michael will merge everyone’s code in the repository and create a release. So please make sure your code are all checked into your personal branch&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Michael will upload the videos&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Godfrey will tailor the video into a smaller resolution (something like 800*600?)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Jean &amp;amp; Sylvain:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Check the current code into repository&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Create tickets for the next deliverable&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Issues:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Please post on WordPress regarding Greg’s email&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Please use the category S3 in your tickets!&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Important upcoming deadlines:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Feb 25 – Video of scenario from start to finish with graphical indicators&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;◦                      Mar. 13rd 2010 &amp;#8211; Videos of scenario tutorials&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Build panels to make it easier to diagnose problems:&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Mar. 23rd 2010 &amp;#8211; Draft available for feed back&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Build a method to allow someone to test a person&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Mar. 21st 2010 &amp;#8211; Draft available for feed back&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Matthew Vandenbussche &amp;#8211; Flight Sim &amp;#8211; Midway update</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/matthew-vandenbussche-flight-sim-midway-update/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Mar 2010 19:38:03 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/matthew-vandenbussche-flight-sim-midway-update/</guid>
      <description>&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style=&#34;font-family:DMonospace, sans-serif;font-size:small;&#34;&gt;It had been a busy an productive month and a half. I&amp;#8217;ll start off by pointing to the first two prototypes delivered by group on Thursday February 25 2010:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style=&#34;font-family:DMonospace, sans-serif;font-size:small;&#34;&gt;&lt;a href=&#34;http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xrz1ph_4Nms&#34;&gt;http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xrz1ph_4Nms&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style=&#34;font-family:DMonospace, sans-serif;font-size:small;&#34;&gt;&lt;a href=&#34;http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xrz1ph_4Nms&#34;&gt;&lt;/a&gt;&lt;a href=&#34;http://dev.chancancode.com/users2.mov&#34;&gt;http://dev.chancancode.com/users2.mov&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style=&#34;font-family:DMonospace, sans-serif;font-size:small;&#34;&gt;Quickly, you are looking at is a simulation of a specific problems what can occur within a database system. The problem is then identified using the SQL monitoring functionality available within DB2 and then that mass of information refined into some simple prototype indicators.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style=&#34;font-family:DMonospace, sans-serif;font-size:small;&#34;&gt;The goal of this project is to build a system where a problem can be simulated within a database in a safe non production environment to teach and show a database administrator how to identify these problems in the real world, a flight sim for db2. The above are admittedly unpolished, but everything needed for the project present. What is seen in these videos is descriptively simple, I would like to highlight a few thing. First off writing a bad query (piece of code), yes any one can do it, and more do then we would probably like, but to exploit behavior and trigger only a specific effect is not an easy task, in my experience it is significant harder then writing an optimized query because it requires that you have a full understanding of the underlying system. Next, identifying where in DB2&amp;#8217;s numerous monitoring tables and unique lingo, is not a simple task, it takes most interns and new employees 2+ weeks to even get to a point of functioning. I can tell you it is vary frustrating until you get over that hump and look back on what you have learned and the group had done wonderfully. As for the ugly dials, yha they are ugly, but that is only cosmetics, the underlying functionality is there and I know better ones are coming.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style=&#34;font-family:DMonospace, sans-serif;font-size:small;&#34;&gt;Overall, I am extremely happy with the work that has been delivered so far. The team is getting more comfortable with each other and more comfortable with not knowing and asking question. We work in a businesses that has so many facets, so much knowledge that it is impossible to know everything and you are not expected to, (wiki&amp;#8217;s, books, forums, were all invented for a reason). You are expected to say &amp;#8216;I don&amp;#8217;t know&amp;#8217;, &amp;#8216;I need help&amp;#8217; and that is one of the greats things of working within a big company. Often if I have a problem, I can just find someone who has experience in the area or simply talk to the person who wrote it in the first place and ask them directly for help. People should never hesitate to ask others for help, the likelihood is that so time in the future someone will need ask you for help. Time is valuable, if a question can save you time, it is worth asking.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style=&#34;font-family:DMonospace, sans-serif;font-size:small;&#34;&gt;An observation from my experience and I am curious to hear back from other groups on there experiences. I know that the group found the initial semi imposed two phone conference meetings a week a bit to much, but I have always found it critical when working with a distributed group to ensure a constant line of communication. I has been reduced down to a phone conference and a checkup using Skype chat a week which seem to have settled into a nice rhythm. Within the group and even in IBM, voice communication can be difficult for people who&amp;#8217;s native tongue is not the same, or for those with different accents. Not only can it be difficult it can be down right intimidating when you are outnumbered in the call, but often it is not meant to be. Unless you speak up they can only make assumption, and they are always worse then the truth. There are other forms of communication, with this group spiting the meeting between a call and chat session has, without directly realizing it, I think dealt with this potential problem quite well.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Michael Man&amp;#039;s midterm update</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/michael-mans-midterm-update/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Mar 2010 16:24:05 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/michael-mans-midterm-update/</guid>
      <description>&lt;p&gt;This is my midterm update of the Flight Simulator project&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;As the team lead on the student side for the first time in my life, I can feel the responsibility and challenge from my role all the time. I am basically using agile methodology I experienced in my previous coop work team and it turned out that everything worked out quite well. Tickets are opened and closed on time, and deliverables are officially accepted by IBM on the delivering date, so we can tell that the team is well on-track.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;I learned and practiced a lot of project management skills in this project. Leading the scrum meeting which happens twice every week and sending out minutes is my common practice. I pressed hard to the team to use the tracking system so progress is always visible. I often ask the team for general feelings about making to the deadlines, and if we think we will miss it (by looking at our ticket closing rate for the current Sprint), we always try to notice IBM as early as possible. I figured out a work distribution plan to allow minimum coupling so even if we are working with 3 locations and time zones, each sub-team (location) can work independently most of the time.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;As other members have mentioned in their updates, we got a lot of help from IBM and it helped enormously. The project plan IBM created for us at the initial code Sprint helped a lot in guiding us with the planning of each sprint. I also sought some advice from Frank Vandenberg, my Software Engineering course instructor at SFU.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;We could have done a betting job in setting up the development environment during the Toronto code sprint, although we tried our best, it still took two weeks for the team to finish the setup. And the project could have been better if the setup speed of a server were faster.&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Lenny&amp;#039;s midway update</title>
      <link>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/lennys-midway-update/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Mar 2010 14:58:09 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>http://haruute0.github.io/2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/lennys-midway-update/</guid>
      <description>&lt;p&gt;The progress of the term is going well since the deliverables are completed on time and the IBM folks are satisfied with them. The most important feeling in this project is that, although we are physically in three different cities, two different time zones, we are able to keep up the communication and plans. Each of us are assigned with a task, complete it on time, and merge all of our work into one deliverable, and this cycle goes on, even though all of us are busy with other things at the same time. Most of all, I&amp;#8217;d like to thank the IBM folks for frequently asking us whether we need any help and for always being there when we do, also many thanks to Greg and Alan for getting the local machines and setting up the server for us.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;As for the things that we could do better, I think we need to plan a little better and go through any administrative/prerequisite issues as early as possible to avoid unexpected situations. At the beginning of our project, we had spent too much time merely on the setup, which I think we could&amp;#8217;ve done before we met the first time. Also we expected to have our second phase deliverable completed on our server machine, however we were not able to even though we have tried our best. As for myself,  I should break my goals into smaller parts so that I could keep track of what I am doing more easily.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;To summarize, I think that we are on track, ready to achieve more goals, and able to deliver something nice at the end.&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
    </item>
    
  </channel>
</rss>