<!doctype html> 
<html lang="en-us"> 
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <title>UCOSP</title>
  <meta name="author" content="">
  <meta name="description" content="">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
  
  
  <link rel="icon" href="//haruute0.github.io/hugo-ucosp/favicon.png" />
  <link rel="apple-touch-icon-precomposed" href="//haruute0.github.io/hugo-ucosp/apple-touch-icon.png" />
  
  
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="//haruute0.github.io/hugo-ucosp/style.css" />
  
  

</head>

<body class="">

  

  <div class="wrap">
    <header class="mb">
      <h1 class="h2 m-0"><a href="/">UCOSP</a></h1>
      <p class="site-description"></p>
    </header>


<main>
<article class="post">
  <h1><a href="https://haruute0.github.io/hugo-ucosp/2009-2010/mercurial/2010/01/mercurial-meeting-1/" title="Mercurial Meeting 1">Mercurial Meeting 1</a></h1>
  <p>Our team had our first remote meeting today (Thursday). We covered progress made this week, discussed obsticles, and plans for the near future. A quick summary follows. You can find the whole transcript at: <a href="https://ucosp.fogbugz.com/default.asp?W10">https://ucosp.fogbugz.com/default.asp?W10</a></p>

<p>Progress:</p>

<ul>
<li>paulitex: a couple of new features/extensions for config-editor extension. Only a couple more TODOs left. Looking for code reviews.</li>
<li>alexandru: worked on caseguard extension to support &#8216;hg rm&#8217;. Still needs to address code review feedback.</li>
<li>antmar: not much new work on cache-annotations, but did go and reviewed paulitex&#8217;s config-editor work. Need to add support for case-neutral names in the annotations cache.</li>
<li>Tessa: solicited feedback about using shell-globs (wildcards) to exclude files during conversion. We came to a consensus, and Tessa is in the process of testing the changes.</li>
<li>wendyY: writing tests for tagmerge this week following a small skirmish with some biological viruses (a cold).</li>
</ul>

<p>Looking forward:</p>

<ul>
<li>bmp: once we are ready to submit to mercurial-developers list, we need to learn how to package up our patches. When our current tasks have been completed and submitted, start attacking the bfiles extension.

<ul>
<li>For reference: bfiles is an extension to improve the way Mercurial handles large binary files in its repositories.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>paulitex, alexandru: will attempt pair-programming on bfile issues</li>
<li>antmar, Tessa, wendyY: take ownership of one issue each, but work together as much as possible on all the issues.

<ul>
<li>We&#8217;ll report on how this works out.</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>

<p>We&#8217;ll be having weekly meetings &#8211; same time, same place, similar agenda:</p>

<ul>
<li>What: UCOSP Mercurial weekly meeting</li>
<li>When: Thursdays at 6:30pm EST / 3:30pm PST.</li>
<li>Where: #ucosp-mercurial on freenode.net</li>
<li>Logs: <a href="https://ucosp.fogbugz.com/default.asp?W6">https://ucosp.fogbugz.com/default.asp?W6</a></li>
</ul>

  <p class="small gray"><time datetime="2010-01-22">Jan 22, 2010</time></p>
</article>
</main>
</div>



</body>
</html>
